Welcome back.
Here we're gonna go ahead and
install the image you just downloaded
off the website onto the SD card.
>> Mm-hm.
>> So
first make sure you have your SD card and
then we'll go ahead on the computer.
With the terminal open,
you want to first type in the command
mount to see what partitions you currently
have on your computer because you don't
want to accidentally overwrite something.
Next you want to plug in
the SD card into the computer,
type mount again.
And here we see that the SD
card is under dev/disk2s1.
Next thing you wanna do is go ahead and
unmount it.
So the command for that is sudo
umount along with the destination.
In this case, it's /dev/disk2s1.
Go ahead and type in your password.
So here we see that you might get
this error and to fix this error,
all you do is just use
the command they give you.
So we're gonna go ahead and
type in sudo diskutil
unmount /dev/disk2s1.
Here we see that it was unmounted as
the image disappeared off the desktop.
To check this you could
also type mount again.
And you see it's no longer there.
>> Now for us to be able to flash the SD,
the micro SD card with the image,
we want to issue the command sudo dd,
and then in the I-F or
if option we want it to, we want to set
that equal to the path of the image, so
if you recall from the previous section,
it'll be $LinaroImage.
Next we want to specify
the destination with the O-F option.
So we're gonna say of=
to the path of the card.
And so recall that it's /dev/disk2 and
we're omitting the S1 because the S1
is referring to a specific partition
in the disk and
we want to write on the whole disk itself.
And lastly we want to
pass in the bs option and
We're going to say bs=2M and
once we press enter we,
if you get a, an error such as this try
issuing the command with a lower case m.
And once you enter, once you press enter
your Ubuntu image will now be flashed or
it will begin flashing the Ubuntu
image onto the micro SD card.
Now depending on the speed
of your computer and
perhaps the speed of your SD card,
this may take a few minutes.
>> Okay, here we are with the finished
installation of the image
onto the SD card.
So here we're gonna go ahead and
move this pop-up
out of the way because what you wanna do
is type in sync into the command line.
>> And what sync will do is it will
essentially make sure that all
the flashing was properly done and
the flush, the cache was flushed.
>> And here now you can just go ahead and
eject the SD card.
>> Now once that's ejected,
we've successfully flashed the Linaro
image onto our micro SD card and
in the next section, Randy and
I will show you how to go about doing so,
how to use the SD card to flash the Linaro
image onto your dragon board 410C.